---
title: 'Meeting Minutes - November 3, 2021'
date: '2021-11-03'
template: 'genericPage'
path: '/minutes/nov03_2021'
---

Caleb calls meeting to order at 7:04 PM on November 3, 2021.

## Members Present

### Executives

President: Caleb

Vice President: Aaron

Finance Officer: Zach

### Regrets

Projects Manager: Josh

Secretary: Rhys

Webmaster: Mykal Machon

### Guests

Member: Adam

Member: Diego

## Meeting Items

### Reports

#### 1. Association Report

- Decided not to record meetings as it didn't seem like many people were interested.
- Meeting minutes will continue to be posted to website.
- Will hold an election in December as Caleb and Mykal are graduating.

#### 2. Financial Report

- Report given by Zach.
- Finally have access to a new account at the bank.
- Old funds have been transferred over.
- Discussed amending the constitution so executive members need to sign off from account withing a week of graduating.
- This would hopefully prevent this situation from happening again as it took 2 months and hours of meeting with the bank to get access back.
- We have given Carl a list of items for purchase.
- No response yet from him yet.

#### 3. SCC Report

- Caleb made 2 keys, he still needs to give a copy to Zach.
- No update from Carl regarding renovating the room and getting new items.
- Discussed what to do with stuff in the SCC:
  - Whatever we can sell, we will sell on Craigslist for fair market value.
  - The rest we can trash.

#### 4. Website Report

- Mykal was not present for report.
- Going ahead with refactor to [AstroJS](https://astro.build/).
- Project board and issues were opened on Github.
- Still looking for someone to help out on the site.
- Lack of interest in helping out with the site.
- Zach proposed just having a static HTML site for simplicity.

#### 5. Communications Report

- Instagram account now has 54 followers.
- Mentions from other STEM groups.
- It's good we are posting even if it doesn't directly increase engagement.
- Retire the Facebook and leave a post linking to the new social media.
- Caleb scheduled the old Instagram account for deletion.
- Could use a new banner for Twitter, LinkedIn, and website.

#### 6. Projects Report

- CSA has a new logo!
- Currently at 329 members on Discord.
- Recruitment has slowed down.
  - Next semester is looking like it will mostly be in person.
  - So much more potential for recruiting by going to classes (Caleb won't be here for that though).
- Merchandise project has started and we are in contact with a local company.
  - Discussed price ranges and what items should be bought.
  - Decided to create a poll to gauge interest and see what sizes and how many items should be bought.

#### 7. Events Report

- CSA held its first online Valorant tournament on October 23rd.
- Also had our first in-person event in years at the Trading Post.
- We will continue planning for more November events:
  - LAN gaming/Watch Party Event November
  - Another online only event.
- LAN gaming/Watch Party Event November:
  - Tentative November 26, at 6 PM.
  - Will have free food, drinks, and prizes.
  - Mixing of games and watching.
  - Should bring a PC/laptop but we'll also have a console.

#### 8. Expansion Report

- Collaborated with the Physics Student Association (PSA) for a corn maze event.
  - Their event went well but no one from the CSA attended.
  - It seemed like they aren't that interested in future collabs unless we have people organizing or pitch in funds.
  - PSA is having an event on campus on the last of classes.
- Big Brothers Big Sisters Volunteer Opportunity:
  - Volunteer with kids in the Fraser Valley.
  - Possibility of teaching kids to code.
  - Always looking for people but no one in the CSA seemed interested.
- Collaboration with Kayla:
  - Caleb reached out to Kayla.
  - She will shout out the CSA to CS and CIS members in the Co-op.
  - The Career Center is having a career month right throughout November.
  - On their Instagram ufvjobs and at visit the career fair at https://ufv.ca/jobs/career-fair/.

#### 9. Department Report

- Caleb was not able to attend the October department meeting.
  - Frank Zhang reviewed CIS 100, 6 year review was long overdue
  - Updated text book and content, learning outcomes are the same.
  - More discussion around MSc.

### Action Items

- Zach will submit funds request for November Gaming Night.
- Caleb will email Carl again regarding items requested.
- Caleb will start working on the website refactor.
- Caleb will update the Facebook and redirect people to our Instagram and Discord.
- Caleb will post a poll for merchandise and what people want.

Meeting adjourned at 7:37 PM.

Meeting minutes created by Caleb.

Next meeting scheduled for December 8, 2021 7:00 PM.
