
Caleb calls meeting to order at on 7:05

## Members Present

### Executives

President: Caleb

Vice President: Aaron

Finance Officer: Zach

Projects Manager: Josh

Secretary: Rhys

### Regrets

Webmaster: Mykal Machon

### Guests

Member: N/A

Member: N/A

Member: N/A

## Meeting Items

### Reports

#### 1.  Association Report

- Potentially record the meetings

#### 2. Financial Report

- Currently in the process of getting access to the bank account
- Waiting to hear back from the bank (should have heard back yesterday)
- Will start doing events once access is gained
- Spare funding may be available if we get enough interests (info from carl)

#### 3.  SCC Report

- Rhys and Caleb have keys
- More keys will be made for the executive member
- Budget for renovating the room has been requested
- Items within the SCC need to be dealt with

#### 4.  Website Report

- If anyone is interested in helping with the website feel free to reach out to the members
- Currently website is using gatsby
- Current website is due for a rewrite
- Looking for someone to take over as webmaster and for help overall

#### 5.  Communications Report

- Instagram account made
- Currently at 33 followers
- Shameless plug
- Announcements and insta are how to keep up to date with the CSA

#### 6.  Projects Report

- Looking for someone to do a logo redesign
- Recruiting project in progress

#### 7.  Events Report

- Survey results
- Do social and gaming events with 80% - 85% interest
- Acedemic and guest speakers with 60%
- Will do more social and gaming events in the future
- 6pm on october 30th is the first fund raising event
- Gaming events will be played through discord
- Party games (jackbox, drawful, etc)
- Low barrier to entry games
- Esports may be on interest
- All events done are open to all students of UFV

#### 8.  Expansion Report

- Campus expo went well
- We are doing a collaboration with physics student association
- Corn maze event help is needed

#### 9.  Department Report

- Caleb attended the school of computing meeting
- Potentially more research budget
- Paid research
- AI research is happening
- Two new deans and faculties
- Looking into more microcredentials
- Carl going to review the course
- More degree options being looked at
- CIS is superiour then CS

### Action Items

-

Meeting adjourned at 7:45PM

Meeting minutes created by Rhys Leflar

Next meeting scheduled for November 3rd, 7PM
