---
title: 'Meeting Minutes - September 1, 2021'
date: '2021-09-01'
template: 'genericPage'
path: '/minutes/sep01_2021'
---

Caleb calls meeting to order at 7:02 PM on September 1, 2021.

## Members Present

### Executives

President: Caleb

Vice President: Aaron

Finance Officer: Zach

Projects Manager: Josh

Secretary: Rhys

### Regrets

Webmaster: Mykal Machon

### Guests

Member: Adam

Member: Andrew

Member: Diego

## Meeting Items

### Reports

#### 1.  Association Report

- The plan is to hold monthly meetings during the semester.

#### 2. Financial Report

- No updates regarding bank account access.

#### 3.  SCC Report

- We now have the keys from former president Michael.
- Caleb will get the keys from Zach and distribute them to any executives who want a copy.

#### 4.  Website Report

- Mykal was absent, so no report was given.

#### 5.  Communications Report

- We could create a TikTok but it might not be the best platform and would require a lot of work.
- Instagram is most likely our most popular social media.
- Right now the Instagram account is dead, so we could create new one.
- A LinkedIn should be created as well.
- Put up posters for the CSA.
- Retire the Facebook and leave a post linking to the new social media.
- Josh has gained access to the Facebook.
- We will create a new email for the social medias as well as new social medias.

#### 6.  Projects Report

- No active projects.

#### 7.  Events Report

- Event Ideas:
    - Social (mature) at a bar or restaurant.
    - Game night/tournament with prizes and food.
    - Have guest speakers come in w/ refreshments and food.
    - Potentially alumni to come speak about their experiences in the industry.
    - Get recruiters to talk about jobs and what they are looking for in candidates.
    - Profs or graduate students talking about their research.
- $20 Steam gift card for who recruits the most members in a set time period.

#### 8.  Expansion Report

- Caleb met with UFV Co-op Coordinator Kayla.
- She is willing to help spread CSA events and socials.
- Kayla was looking for feedback about the co-op program and if any students had suggestions for feedback.
- Was working with Michael (ex president) on an event.
- There was a meeting with other STEM student groups
- Four other associations were present:
    - Biology/Chemistry Student Association
    - UFV Women in Engineering, Science, and Technology
    - Physics Student Association
    - Pre-Med Student Association
- They are looking for more collaboration between STEM associations
- PSA is planning an event at the Corn maze on October 28th.
- They are looking for volunteers.
- Discord thread will be made for those who are interested in helping.
- Support from other STEM groups.

#### 9.  Department Report

- There is a department meeting soon which Caleb is attending.
- Caleb will pass on any needed info.

### Action Items

- Create a thread for people interested in other STEM groups events.
- Create a thread for items that can be purchased.
- Create thread for event ideas and get a rough idea how many people would attend.
- Caleb will also begin organizing the current CSA information and putting together a plan for the Fall.
- Caleb will create a new gmail account for the CSA.
- Caleb will inquire about SCC access during the Fall 2021 semester and rules regarding in person meetings/events.
- Josh will look into creating new social media accounts and updating them.
- Zach will get in contact w/ Tyler about getting into the bank account.

Meeting adjourned at 7:49 PM.

Meeting minutes created by Rhys.

Next meeting scheduled for October 6, 2021 7:00 PM.
